Hey everybody, this is my third video I'm doing in a row here.
This was intercession that I was praying during the Fourth of July, and this gripped me.
I was praying and I went into an Asian tongue.
I don't know, it sounded Asian to me.
It sounded different than I've ever prayed before.
Then the Lord started to speak to me, and I saw a vision of North Korea.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, I've heard the prayers of My people in Asia.
I have heard the underground churches.
The torture, the things that they have gone through, have come up before Me.
' And He said, 'I'm bringing liberation to the people of North Korea.
' He said, 'I'm going to shake them.
You will not even see this in the news because of them suppressing things.
' He said, 'But I'm going to bring a holy terror on Kim Jong Un and the family and the bad people in the regime.
' And He said, 'I'm going to shake that nation, and they will have a liberation like the children of Israel did.
' He said it would be a great shaking, and He said, 'You will not see a lot of this in the news.
' He said you will see signs of it in the spirit realm.
He said, 'Therefore, I am sending My angels, and great manifestations of angels are coming to North Korea.
' He said people are being tortured in prisons; they're being tortured by the evil government there.
And He said, 'I'm sending My angelic beings, My angelic presence, to deliver the people, and they're going to have an experience like never before.
' And He said, 'North Korea will be reached for the Kingdom of God, and there will be a manifestation of My glory upon North Korea.
' And He told me, 'I'm going to deal with the dictator.
I'm going to deal with Kim Jong Un, and I'm going to deal with his family.
' Then He showed me China, South Korea, and Japan, and He showed me a great, mighty move of God coming upon those people.
I saw a move of God.
I saw the people of China that have stood for the Lord to do something huge with their government, and what is coming, there's not one of them that can stand in the way of it.
I'm telling you, people, God is about to do something huge with the Asian people.
There's a move of God that's coming before He comes back.
He showed me this, and people are going to be touched by the power of God.
He said, 'I have not forgotten you.
' He said, 'I have not forgotten.
I've heard all their prayers, the people of North Korea.
' I saw them being tortured.
He showed me that the glory of the Lord would be so much that the government wouldn't be able to control it.
It would be such a great wave of the presence of God that it would shake the world.
It would shake the nation; it would shake all of the Philippines—all of it.
It's going to get radically shaken by the power of God.
Vietnam—all of it.
There's a wave of the glory of God that's going to touch the people.
I could see a glorious glow; it looked like lava coming into Central Africa, and I could hear tribal singing in the spirit when I was praying.
I could hear them singing to the Lord, and it was beautiful.
It was like little tribes, but they were singing in an African language.
I couldn't understand what they were saying, but it sounded so beautiful.
I could see the sun coming up, and it represented the glory.
The glory of the Lord was coming over Africa.
It looked like liquid lava, but it was beautiful and transparent like honey.
I could hear the sounds of revival breaking out in Africa.
I could hear the sounds of the people crying out for God to touch them.
I hope you all have a wonderful day.
Our God is going to do some amazing things in these last days.
People have wondered, 'Is there a revival before Jesus comes?
' and I have to tell you, yes.
It's not what you think.
It doesn't last for as long as everybody thinks.
It's not going to delay His coming and last for years; no, it is a quick work.
It happens very quickly.
The manifested presence of God happens quickly, and it is something that is beyond anything that you can comprehend.
Whenever this happens throughout the world, the Lord told me it will be like popcorn.
He said, 'I want you to go and stare at a pan, and I want you to put the kernels in there and put the coconut oil in there.
' He said, 'Now watch it.
Tell me which kernel is going to pop first.
' And I stood there and said, 'I have no idea, Lord.
' He said, 'That's right.
That's the way this revival is going to be.
' He said, 'For no man is going to control what's about to happen.
' He said they'll be like popcorn; they start popping in the pan, and that pan will fill up, but you don't know where it's going to happen next.
'And that's the way I want it because I'm in control.
' That's the way it's going to be in this revival, and it will happen all throughout the world.
The media, you'll catch whiffs of it and you'll be like, 'Wow, something is happening in Atlanta.
There's something happening in North Carolina.
There's something happening over here.
' But it will be in unexpected places.
It will be at the Walmart stores; they'll be in parking lots with people just being obedient to what the Spirit of God is telling them to do.
You'll go out there and see some little old lady in a walker, and the Lord will tell you, 'Hey, go over there and lay hands on that lady.
' And all of a sudden, it'll be like a glory explosion hits all over that parking lot, and everybody around there will start weeping and crying and falling out underneath the power of God.
They will not understand what's going on, and you'll explain to them, 'This is a manifestation of the presence of God on this earth, showing His love and His compassion towards His people.
' Tell them God's a God of love.
People are going to get saved at Walmart; they're going to get saved all over the place just by being obedient.
Will the revival be in buildings?
Yes, but it's going to be different than what you've ever expected.
Get ready for this; it's about to happen.
There'll be a major event take place right before the manifestations of this outpouring.
You'll start to see it just like at Asbury.
It started to happen up there, and it's kind of died off on the news.
Nobody really talks about it anymore, but this is going to be very similar.
There'll be events, and it's going to pick up speed because the Lord said, 'Brennan, I'm going to draw the people in—the loved ones that the mothers have been praying for, the children.
' You may have these children that are astray and lost; God's going to bring them in.
He hears your prayers.
He's going to bring those kids in, and He's going to bring in this last push, this last harvest of souls before we are taken out of here.
I just want to encourage you: there's going to be great healings, there's going to be great manifestations on this earth.
I hope you are all ready.
I'm ready.
I'm excited about it.
I want to be a part of it; I want to be right there watching all of it happen.
I hope you all have a blessed day.
Bye-bye.